recorded it at any point in June pocket
recording all right
hello everybody welcome to the desktop
goomy's browsers weekly call ipfs mostly
j/s in this part of different old anyway
let me share my screen hopefully is the
same screen that you will be seeing
there we go today is August 14th in this
part of the world because we're not in
Australia we have a few people here
today who I've seen before
welcome everybody first thing on the
agenda we have an update on embedded JC
I professor brain light up I honestly
just started the demo one second
yep so I can maybe share my screen
quickly so a quick update on under the
jcpoa facing brave he landed in the
stable channel and the improvements are
it if you switch to ember that jess ipfs
in brave it will automatically pick
check if the party's available and if
not it will pick the next one so there
are no port collisions it will
automatically persist external node
config so if you are switching between
embedded and external it will want like
mix ports which we remember you can use
local NGO activist stance which number
that one and what finally in london's is
delegated peers and content routing what
the problem with member the J's idea
first in brave is that we don't have tcp
transport yet so you are not able to and
we don't have the HD so we are unless we
are already connected to a node that has
data you want you want to be able to get
the data because you were not you won't
have any means of finding peer ID of
people who have that data and what
delegated peers and content routing does
it basically gives you DHT lookup
capabilities without running TCP or DHT
ingest
it's basically delegating those DHT
requests to remote nodes and that way
maybe I can do a quick demo so that way
yeah so this is brave knightly I think
in settings we'll go to the very bottom
and their sacrifice component it landed
in the stable channel so we just enabled
here and it should just work yep so I
have no idea us running locally so it's
already connected but if I go to
settings and if I switch to embedded
Plus Chrome sockets you can sneak big
hearing node config that there are
delegate nodes that here you can provide
your own but for now we use the public
ones and we online we got some peers we
are also using signaling servers so in
case we have no WebSocket capable peers
from the HD we still have some peers
from the signaling server and I think
the web UI should load the first time we
will take some time but it should load
or maybe it's too slow for now yep
so anyway why delegated to think is
important is because if I was not
connected to anyone with webui before I
was not able to fetch it and now if it
there was a person in the swarm that has
this content I want I can get its PID
and their addresses using delegated
routing and also when I add stuff - oh
gosh when is it him so if I add stuff to
ipfs now it was added to my local node
and it it loaded from remember that node
and what's interesting now is that if I
add stuff to my local node I want other
people to be able to hedge this data
from me however I don't have public IP
in web browser yet so this is where
delegated routing helps when I add stuff
to my local node he delegated routing
automatically asks delegate nodes to
prefetch the content I've just added and
then that node will make the content
available on the network so even if I go
offline this content should be still
available for people it's not the ASO
web UI allowed that we got some peers
probably on the peers page yep my laptop
is with so as usual not my usual
reaction
so that's more or less than update what
I want to talk don't mention around this
I mother Jessica fussing brave is that
the delegated peers and content routing
does not fully solve the discovery
problem if I want to open if I had staff
it gets added to the network and network
is notified about that however if I want
to open things that are new and opened
them from the Gateway that's when it
gets tricky because my my oh gosh
so my gate my gateway ranking in brave
it's not able to fetch this content it
has no peers that are capable of talking
to offer what WebSockets and we are
discussing adding preload for all NFS
operations I believe it did I linked
that yeah so that's like the second link
under delegated content and purity in
mythic notes the idea is that if we we
request content from embedded gateway we
would promote new speed of nodes to
preload that content to pull out node
and that way the embedded Jacek give us
will be able to open it that's just a
stopgap until we have a peer-to-peer
transport and the TCP transport will
probably be the next thing I will be
working on as soon as I finish up some
other stuff I realized it was bit
chaotic today sorry about that
but maybe there are some questions that
will clarify clarified only and then Jim
the delegate knows who's looking after
those I believe right now those have the
same status as like delegate nodes and
preload nodes have the same status as
WebSocket star we just provide them
as a default but people can override
them and use their own but the websocket
store is listed as four demos only two
not used yes and preload nodes are
enabled by default in Jessica for any
King web browser yeah I'm just wondering
who provision that they're like nodes
where do they come from
I'm pretty sure it's Alan and I think
Alan Jacob and someone from infra team
just just to prove the concept of
delegate nodes okay and for yeah and for
the record by default delegate nodes are
not enabled in Jessica's only preload
nodes so it's like a messy situation we
probably need to clean up this API but
for now we have preload nodes which
actually are delegate nodes but have
different host names yeah so host names
are different but actually point at the
same servers okay that makes more sense
yeah did you say this was now available
in great staple like everyone's game
it's available I'm pretty sure in brief
the brief nightly and probably better
and DEF channels I'm not sure if it
already landed in I mean I'm not sure if
the toggle in settings screen landed in
the stable channel yet however if you
have that toggle it means you can just
install it and the toggle will always
install the stable version of Eclipse
companion if you want to opt into like
the better channel of ipfs companion you
just need to like uninstall a cliff as
companion and instead better that's how
it works for so for now we it just
always the stable version for people we
need to figure out how to scale the
preload nodes before that London stay
honestly
I believe we may just disable the
legates before that happens my plan is
to land like kill two big transport and
then that should also like solve or at
least get us to the better place when it
comes to content discovery and pure
discovery and remove the need of both
preload nodes and delegate nodes because
we would need to explicitly disable
preload with it would like if a lot of
people start running that it would just
hammer our preload nodes which are
already not the best shape agree that
sounds good so yeah so it seems
everything's easy using the WebSockets
transport now for the embedded yeah so
right now the WebSocket transport is the
only one we enabled in embedded note
however like the plan is to either
expert either I would not invest time or
in WebRTC at least not in brave cause in
brave the more more effective way is to
spend some time and get like actual TCP
transport and that's the plan so we
would still have both WebSockets and TCP
embrace that's a plan it's just that to
use the TCP it's just different code to
use the TCP transfers will be the same
TCP transport that's an open question so
the my plan is to first check if we are
able to just polyfill all the node
libraries like net diagram for UDP and
stuff like that and DNS maybe it will be
enough we already have like polyfills
for those sometimes some libraries
require tweaks to be more is amorphic if
not the worst-case scenario is we will
just write custom custom transport for
brave like if actually the custom
transport for CRO
UPS because the API we are using is
Chrome sockets which is exposing brave
however it's also available in chrome
Chrome OS chromium OS so that would be
like a generic transport it'd be really
cool then if while I was working you can
almost like switch the default to like
not be the go through the gateway would
actually use the GSI that's Depot yeah
especially if we had like like the proxy
mount
I would I would love to have a
visualization of all of our connection
strategies that we use and how we
cascade and fallback to different
strategies in different environments I'm
not sure it would ever reflect reality
would probably be permanently out of
date but wow it would be very helpful to
understand that especially for people
trying to debug where failures are
happening so if they're trying to
publish something they don't know this
entire layout that the topology of this
is pretty complicated then it's done
very few people's heads yeah like right
now we in ingest ipfs with me we have a
section about setting up web sockets are
or section about WebRTC and that
honestly should be like replaced with
the thing you describe like here here
are available options here is the state
known problems for people to maybe pick
up issue or dig into yep separate
separate thing separate thing is about
oh gosh it's a separate thing is about
no it won't come back sorry sorry we've
got a a a nice agenda for things to talk
about so if it comes back
at the end yeah so it looks like we also
have a new desktop beta and RC who wants
to give enough to buy that
abundance of the agender on the hope
that maybe Andrea would give us a quick
demo of the new desktop okay sure
let me just a mastery okay so remove
this here we have the new ipod SS top
which comes oh this might not be better
yeah but it's from us
whatever we have like now the these two
menu options here which are can be used
for
these actions that we already had before
but we could only use them by pressing
the Rockets Monken with indeed here you
can also move the repository location
some people don't want to put it on
their own folder and you can also have
like a co-hosted websites list which
gets updated every 12 hours but that's
not the main teachers main feature is in
your web web UI as you all know for some
reason it's not opening I don't know why
okay okay strange
you already had like a demo last week
but remembering the main feature is that
you can now never can normally get to
all of the ipfs or IPS universe while
you already found a bug you can also
check the pins and basically that's
mainly it I would like to know if you
could like install it in your system
check if there are any bugs before we
can release the final version
co-hosting websites also isn't there
some experiments on that screen well
what so I think that screen also has
experiments enabled oh yeah you can't
like you sent an IPS law through
that system oh oh that that's a tiny
feature
yeah you can enable it it will install
it on the background
if it fails you will get an error
telling you to render the comma manually
hopefully it isn't slowly now it will
take a while I don't know if I should
like talked about the last byte energy
in the agenda which is related type in
essence of
what do you think we don't know what
that point is you should just talk about
it yeah the cycle of the tree I couldn't
we've talked about it before how can I
hide this like zoom bar it's a night
we don't say though yeah I know but I
see and it's all right it's in the
middle of the screen okay Erica said
like a it doesn't have much time to work
on this
I really enjoyed like the styles of the
icons
my quest which I think it's better than
having like colored I can which doesn't
match any of the others the problem is
on Windows and other platforms or where
we can't detect if the user as a white
or dark mode so the eye constant gets
very did they not look pretty so my
suggestion was to use the this new icon
from a crisis implement and leave the
colored fabric favicon favicon the I
purchased logo on the other systems but
you think
if it looks better on Mac yeah I do
don't you oh yeah I'm not talking about
this one we can't do this on Windows
these are just like pictures images Eric
made but you can't do this
it feels like there
desire to blend in with the existing
icons to go monochromatic but if that
causes problems on windows then I would
just pause work on this endeavor until
we have a better one there like it
doesn't I don't think it's causing us
any problems and existed the existing
colorful one works in dark mode and
light mode on all operating systems I
mean we can like either ideally we would
ship this in both ipfs desktop on all
platforms but also like ipfs companion
at least in Firefox
I believe the browser icons there's like
a recent capability of detecting
night-night mode by the browser
extensions so at least we could detect
that and swap the icon when the user has
the night mode or maybe swap of light
and dark icons in Firefox the thing is
that I am bit worried if we start like
changing icon in one place and leaving
the icon in another people who are new
to echo system or maybe you haven't even
people who are already in the echo
system they will to get confused like
why this one thing looks different maybe
maybe let me clarify I think that in the
in the issue you are showing I commented
that the key base and Dropbox icons are
a good examples because they are not
they are actually the logo of the
project simplify to the extreme so it's
immediately obvious what it is when you
look at it and I would like the design
proposed by Eric with those like
connecting dots and other stuff but that
I like that in a bigger size in the
small size I just have no idea what that
it's just a small maybe it's the problem
with my laptop because I ran in even
higher dpi than other people
however like it's just like it's just
like strange square for me there's all
those details that it's just too
complicated I feel I feel like we should
have super simple obvious ipfs cube in
black and white the existing icon is the
ipfs logo yeah
it's very recognizable yeah I think is
that I would keep it if you want to
change it at all I would keep it a shape
like keep the dimension I would just
like make it black and white well I'm
not I'm not sure sorry like I was going
to dress like how would you distinguish
between and online and offline no yeah
so that's the tricky part
we don't have many options you can like
feel feel their walls a little bit with
some shader or not so that's like an
open open problem it's a tricky thing
and I like I actually I've been thinking
about it and I'm like what what he eats
up this film to me that like both
Dropbox and others that they spent some
time on those icons there's like a huge
amount of time that went to two suns to
solve them so I have no idea how to
present our logo and like black and
white in a way that works in a small
size Eric please help I'll help you find
some help yeah I generally motioned put
a pin in this one and move on okay let's
do it
and in the meanwhile NEPA Monica's got
installed the experiments block is way
more padded than all the other blocks in
the home screen yeah it wasn't before as
far as I remember I'll take a look at
that yeah about the sub it's my baby cow
hosting websites he says you can just
add fast list
and they will be automatically
automatically closed what does it mean
okay it means the websites to your mod
so if you look in the tens list would
you see you see IDs for those websites
name yeah I don't know which ones are
they I believe so
and how does like the they refresh you
mentioned it it gets refreshed every two
hours are yeah every 12 hours it check
sisters in your ash a retaining like the
pinning the new hash and unpinning
called one or are we keeping call their
previous functions as well keeping the
votes
yeah you have a family
pretty cool any more questions I had a
question about the language it feels
like like there's that so first this is
awesome this is pretty amazing because I
think it gets pretty close to what
people think about when they don't know
about ipfs well they think ipfs might
mean but I'm curious about like
co-hosting I feel like there's we've
talked a little bit about people who
want to altruistic Allah keep sites
alive for other people and then there's
the I want to read sites offline and
those are really different ways of
thinking about why you would co-host
different use cases for it why we in
this case the site offline will it not
willfully work you'll really are just go
hosting or will companion if you're
running it serve up the blocks from your
local store I'm glad you'll be served
from our local sir because it's been
yeah see was that the DNS link is still
pointing to the same CID and is pinned
and you have companion set to redirect
then it would be served from your your
local gateway yes
so it's I guess my point is I I don't
want her I don't want us to undersell
how powerful this experiment is or maybe
we should just sell it borrow and when
it's ready to not do experiments
yeah I have I have a small concern of
what small concern about the way it's
presented popping up a text editor is
surprising yeah I didn't mean to make
this a big feature for now I think once
you release it it's a feature so I'm
like I would I would encourage you to
set the bar high as to what features go
out to the public
okay like how would you suggest to make
this I think it we have a UI and so it
would be something that you would
present inside the end and and it's
pretty good at showing lists of things I
assume I don't know I still see like it
would go on this section
okay I'll take a look at that it's a it
needs some design exploration
I think the feature is cool I'm worried
that perhaps we might be launching it a
little prematurely
we suggest me to remove it from now or
to disable it or something like that I
probably I personally wouldn't choose to
push it out in that state but I wouldn't
tell you not to do it would it be
interested to hear some other people's
thoughts is it is it in the menu is it
already under like experiment section
it's a little tensed it's like yeah yeah
so I'd either added like sub sub menu or
other experiments if you want to keep it
as is or just like hide it until it
lands and UI in settings you know what
you I maybe that's like the list of
house names it's pretty it's not
something we could make a better UI and
then like text editor probably and
people would probably appreciate that
and have like a feature itself would
have a bigger engagement from users yeah
then perhaps I'll give it like critters
menu I don't know
mains menu or a sub sub menu I will be
keen to suggest this goes along with
inspects experiments are already there
because then we can have some analytics
to see when people have enabled or
disabled things then we might need
additional UI or Chrome just to actually
list out the inputs but yeah I feel like
it's like it lives there or we just stop
promoting that section a bit more - now
what do you sure it is what I was
talking about this section right hmm I
don't know how we could edit edit to
this section like if it wasn't supposed
to be checkbox or something else
yeah I think for the scope of this cool
we should say that maybe there's some
much design exploration to do on this
yeah okay
I'll reason ish about that in pink okay
any more questions about this
aye aye I had a couple comments in the
chat what how much activity does the
executi experience get to people do a
lot of folks use that use them in
comment this is the first experiment for
shipping so we don't have any feedback
it it's a brand new thing we're
launching experiments yeah it's on the
way
are we launched are we launching it with
fanfare and blog posts and parades
hopefully back to that the previous
screen actually this creature I see you
have a lot of grayed out button some
grayed out buttons is that this one yeah
those and on the was it the files page I
think the more as well as the yeah I
guess yeah yeah so you have that did
what did you just get at the same color
I'm just wondering why it like why
Explorer is inactive is that it's
selected because you haven't but it only
gets active if you type something really
you know we probably should know the
gray --great out that much at least it's
true the way the color should be there
it can be can be faded out right yes
extremely subtle certainly not
accessible but accessibility there's a
couple accessibility issues we have left
we have to address down line all right
so I don't want to derail the meeting
but um
now it says more what it in the lottery
it said ad yep like because here you
can't like at these folders from
business or any folders but on some it
oh it only works on in the file section
it's inside the directory if you open
like a file it wouldn't work so you have
the other options related to files and
the same applies to anything outside of
the file section of your own trust those
three things don't look like buttons see
we might wanna get this one isn't the
burden that's the problem so maybe we
should pause on the design review but I
think I think what this is pointing to
is a lot of the feedback that has come
up in the last few minutes there's is
feedback those come up on pull requests
previously that these exact issues about
the color of the button the pins link
not looking like a button I think
there's there's probably a missing step
in our process whereby there is a design
review before we cut a release of web UI
and there's fewer people focused in on
lucky right now so we're gonna have to
lean on process to to make sure that we
keep the quality really high on what we
put out there
yes very very cool
should we move to the next point thank
you for demoing other stuff yeah the
next agenda item is about language here
18 minutes left and if still a few
things I'm gonna stuff to that so I'll
uh I'll pop in to keep things moving
with me you prophetess I will be very
brief about this
so changing language around some
features I opened and linked to issues
on that maybe I'll make it more readable
for people so first term we use a sweet
direct and redirects IP fest companion
started as browser extension that the
text ipfs that the text request for ipfs
resources and redirects them to your
local node and it was like very
technical extension and we just kept
that language and it's just retire right
through directs and we've added other
options and there's like redirect this
redirect dots and right now the UI looks
like this you have a redirect to Gateway
and then for active tab you can toggle
the redirect for this specific domain
but it's like unclear which has a
precedence and stuff like that so
there's like more details on this and
some proposed changes basically like
just dropping the name and going with
different language like prefer local
note or try local note first
mainly because at some point we will
have an native support in browser
vendors or a native protocol handler and
browser extension and effectively we
will no longer like redirect but we will
like
provide a native handler which just
handle handle is the request so will the
redirect will no longer make sense as a
language provided to the user and
another thing is sorting outs than
language around toggle more granule
control when we redirect power website
so it's this toggle was added as a means
of just disabling this redirect on a
specific website but actually we do more
than just redirect and what people
effectively want is to just like don't
run ipfs integrations on this website so
that's like change of language around
that and some proposed terms are here
and basically i would appreciate some
feedback on that probably on the issue
so that others can like participate and
the second one is spinning the problem
is sort of similar pinning is a
low-level term we have in IPA score
however when you pin stuff you just pin
the content identifier the cid you are
not able to my other lab label for that
and you basically have like i have 800
of pins and I have no idea what what's
what so the idea the plan is to
basically stop using this low level
pinning mechanism and instead just copy
files to em FS so when people are able
to rename them and manage them using web
UI in the file screen and the second
thing is that people will have better
control they can if something is added
to MF s is implicitly pinned so it won't
be garbage collected and if someone
removes things from em fast then it can
be garbage collected again so that's a
underlying reason why we want to go away
from using pinning API and if we stop
using pinning API it makes sense to stop
using pin as a term in our user
interface
to avoid confusing people and like
mixing different meaning at different
abstraction levels and another thing is
that at some point we will have like a
DNS linked website we'll have something
similar to what hogs just demoed the
co-hosting a website you will be able to
like go to a DNS linked website and you
will be able to like like team but not
being like co-host this website and that
would effectively bookmark the website
and that would be a life bookmark
powered by DFS so when you your IP first
note would follow IP NS updates or DNS
link updates and fetch prefetch a new
version of stuff like that so that's
like motivation behind those above
proposals to change language and if
anyone has any strong or even weak
opinions I would appreciate on the issue
but feel free to ask questions here like
bookmark all too soon thank you
yeah it looks like Thursday so there's a
whole lot to work out both of those
issues and it does dovetail is really
into the conversation about what we just
demoed for us to the code
next agenda item it's also an exciting
one
someone has posed a question here should
go ipfs NGS ipfs have a web UI check on
release checklist instead of web UI PR
against them
so a little background is that we missed
updating the web UIC IDE when go IP
Affairs the last the latest go ipfs was
released because up till now it was the
responsibility of web UI project and
maintainer to after to make a peer to
active his companion J's ipfs go IP
affairs and all other places when web UI
is used i kept as desktop well every
time web UI is released and my question
is would it make sense to change this
process and unburden web UI maintainer
because like we don't expect library
maintainer to PR every project that's
using library it's the other way around
so that's my proposal to just go and
agree with go and Jas and other projects
so that they have a checklist item on
and they check if there's a newer
version of web UI that way web UI
maintainer does not need to worry about
that bugs opinions themselves I am I'm
not in favor because the maintenance of
go active s are heavily burdened and
anything we can do to reduce their
burden it's good we know when a release
is done it shouldn't be beyond us to
peer three places
I mean we've we did not have an item on
our checklist by our I mean web UI eyes
we've added that so with the next
release we won't miss it so we can leave
it at that we can add them to others
checklists a second
I it's unfortunate that we missed the
going PFS release but I think that I
think what happened was we failed to do
what we normally do and I don't think we
should change the process because of
that I think we should just commit to
our existing process yeah like a song we
have just three places we can manage
that
but d3i
I would like to provide a counterpoint I
feel like the person that the making
decisions around and other projects
resourcing it isn't going to it will
always keep up in that that that amount
of resources that is unaligned so we
have explicitly said that right now the
desktop GUI are lower priority if the
project with the higher priority has an
explicit dependency in need and the onus
should be on them to own that need I
also worry that they will chip that if
that dependency I guess may be taken
seriously isn't the right way to
describe it but that they actually have
a hard dependency on web UI working and
this is kind of where the discussion
about the test matrix between web UI and
desktop and go and JSI PFS and those all
working in concert all the time was
around elevating that understanding of
that hard dependency that we can't say
something like what UI is deprioritized
when go ipfs has to ship with it so i
would like to actually make those
dependency is more clear and formal and
make go at the FS than gia so if s have
that even even if we don't change our
web UI process and it's still our
process to a PR those projects I would
still really really encourage those
projects that have a dependency on web
UI to have that web UI checkbox in their
release process especially now that they
go has a release process because it
reduces it puts the
the responsibility on both sides and
formalizes the understanding that it
really is a hard dependency not
something optional would be right there
and I also I think encourages them to
test in practically against it make sure
they didn't break anything something I
realized because I'll have a good point
that's like go up your first teams are
already overburdened and actually we may
have more webui releases than go ipfs
releases and if we make a PR to go ipfs
each time we make a web UI release we
actually introduce like overhead of
multiple PRS but that's just like a
second club if they have a checklist
they just check the moment they make a
release that's like a micro optimization
but and we probably want to get to where
they're pulling in official releases
automatically and their tests break
if they pull in a release and web and
they they pull it a release in run web
UI tests in it and something breaks that
should be a kind of a halt hunting State
for both sides but yeah I don't think
we're there yet I feel like at least
adding it to the checklist gets us like
like baby step towards that world even
if we still in the web UI team it's
doesn't do the PR maybe that's a happy
medium and and something to remember is
that we are planning to support loading
the latest version of web UI from IPA
from DNS link path so that could be
something using tests as well for like
for this automated testing you've just
mentioned that person ongoing work to
support DNS over HTTP but then we should
unpack that yeah only just gonna say
that that has blocked on what he just
said Dana said we have a PR against go
IKEA fast someone contributed both so it
can have it on my list
how would we go about getting it on the
co-ed PFS in JSF give us the the lists
yeah cool it is a split is literally a
document on yeah yeah way I think iPod
post was really astray so we have five
we have five more minutes
it sounds like we we have maybe maybe a
decision interesting towards adding new
at least having it on the list but what
do i process doesn't change to PR the
three projects should the next i remodel
this is a PSA yeah it's a also very
quick one stiffen at the TLS multi colic
so now we can have like slash TLS in
multi others the problem is that we like
HTTP is ftp in wrapped in TLS but we
already had like slash HTTP and in web
we use it in our you ice for things like
ipfs api address and we show it in
multiple places so slash HTTP is already
used and there's like an ongoing
discussion on supporting / TLS slash
HTTP as an equal one and then there's
like an open question which should be
the canonical version because we have
like libraries that convert urls to
multi others and multi others to urls
and at some point we need to decide so
if anyone has any strong opinions
comment on the issue i linked and
there's a call tomorrow if someone who
is really passionate about this that's
that's the announcement
thank you how that we talked about the
icons earlier last item on there is a
question that I added if there's an
issue tracking with the known
differences and go ipfs NGS ipfs for
running as a server are I was thinking
about doing something like adding those
differences in a table or something like
that I don't I had talked about
previously somewhere so that people
understand what the difference is one of
the collabs I'm working with had some
questions no idea that there any
differences at all and they were just
running jump in first on the server
because it does everything you going to
fist us so having a place where we can
broadcast that knowing what that Delta
is and be able to communicate in a way
that maybe it well people close the gap
considering that there's something like
12 million JavaScript developers and as
far as I can tell 328 code developers in
the world so if you have and know of any
issues that track those specific
differences or if there's a meta issue
that has a list of all those differences
please add it to the notes and we can do
more things with it and harness even you
know 1% of those 12 million developers
to come make chess ipfs better we have
to
more minutes anything else on people's
minds on this lovely Wednesday it's
raining here Eric and I are going to
talk on Friday about gateways and their
error pages and and pages to describe
gateways and it's gonna be red yeah yeah
I'm gonna track you down everything it
sounds like a Friday to me Oh big
gateway party Friday are you going to
discuss like splash screens for loading
stuff from remote notes as well we might
scope it to error pages initially Jim
pick data URI spinner arise
watch this bass
we just stand the simcard still there
until they not do not literally watch
this space okay because other people
might be watching this on YouTube and
then just staying on waiting
alright that's that's an hour that was a
fantastic hour
we're nice rest of the week see you next
week